Did you hear?
Fell at 7:30
The flying window has become a lonely family
Hmm, it seems like a new arrival.
What are you doing? The new person's name is Shen Qingyan
Boss Shen, show me some respect
Isn't it better than Song Qiuci, Boss Song?
Song Qiuci is a philanthropist who spent real money
You got the money, of course.
I received 3,000 yuan
At least my dad doesn't have to send me money for two months
Not that
Do I have to join the Inspectorate to get paid?
You joined
Yes, joined
As long as I give money, I can recognize Boss Song as my mother
Let alone join the inspectorate
Then your dad is happy. Hey, what are you talking about?
Don't leave if you have the ability.
Hello everyone, the original 7:30 family
My name is Qi Le
I'm sure you've all heard of it.
I am the second boss of 316.
But why are you so crowded today?
Everyone else is for the grant
But joined the inspector team
So many people just fill out a form
If you say you are poor, you can get money
So they all went
It's okay, no matter how few people are there.
So we can get serious about doing art
Do you understand art?
how
Do you have an opinion? Your boss fights badly.
Musical instruments are not necessarily playable
It seems that it is time to show your hands
So listen up, everybody.
Here we go.
I'm going to give you a little bit of an artistic shock.